Part I
1. make a directory called first

mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder

cd first

3. create a file called person.txt

touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt

mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt

cp another.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file

rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second

cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder

rmdir second


Part II

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?

The 'man' command is used for 'manual' and brings up the 'man' page which lists information about a specific command. You can scroll by hitting 'Enter', and you can get out by typing 'q'

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

The -l flag lists detail with one file per line, and the -a flag lists all files, including hidden ones.

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?

By using ctrl+arrow keys or option/alt+arrow keys.

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?

Command/Ctrl + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?

Command/Ctrl + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?

Command/Ctrl + w

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?

The shell is the program that runs commands and returns output, the terminal is the wrapper program that runs the shell. 

8. What is an absolute path?

An absolute path is the full path to a file regardless of which directory you are currently working in, such as "~/Folder/SubFolder/SubSubFolder/App.js" even if you are already working in the SubFolder directory.

9. What is an relative path?

The relative path is the path to the file from whichever directory you are already working in. If you were working in the SubFolder directory, the relative path would be "./SubSubFolder/App.js"

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.

A flag is an option that is used to give more specific information to a command, such as "-l" and "-a" on the "ls" command to give detailed line information and to show hidden files, respectively. Another example is "-r" on the "cp" command to authorize copying a directory. 

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

The r and f flags allow for the removal of a directory that has content, along with all of its contents.
